Well, good evening, family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
I'm excited to be here.
I have some things on my heart to talk to you all about, but you know, you saw Pete—is what his name is—he's calling all the generals together.
Will you put our baby in?
Our dog is scratching.
We see that Pete is calling everybody in, and he wants to have a big meeting with all the generals and all the people, you know, and so I think that's interesting after what the Lord showed us back in January about the rat in the White House, the rat in the Pentagon, the rat in a certain governmental office.
And I believe in my heart that we're seeing some things unfolding.
I'm believing for people that have ill intentions towards the United States of America to be exposed in the days ahead.
Some people are saying that this is him getting ready to go, we're going to go to a major war, and there's all kinds of speculation.
It's all over the place.
But I just don't want to participate in all that.
I just want to pray.
You know, I think it's interesting.
Look at the times.
Look where we are right now.
And then we have Bibi coming tomorrow to speak at the UN.
And he will say whatever he's going to say about Israel.
And I think that's a very important speech tomorrow to see what he's going to say.
I'm really curious.
It kind of closes off the week.
I believe they said that on Saturday that China and Russia will speak.
So, I wonder what they're going to say.
So, it's been a very interesting week, needless to say.
Do you all agree?
I think with President Trump and people talking—I even knew the escalators.
It's really, people are upset about that, that they turned that escalator off that he couldn't get up, and it's just dishonoring.
You know, you see this dishonoring, childish stuff that's going on on both sides.
But I believe God has called us as a channel to pray and to intercede for the nations as we see these major meetings that are going to take place in the next, I don't know, I think it's next week.
I just don't think that's a coincidence unless he just calls them in there and, like some people say, he just fires them all.
But I think there's something more to this.
It's something a lot bigger than what meets the eye.
And so that's what we're here to pray about tonight.
Let's go over some of the things that the Lord showed us last prayer call.
When we were praying, the Lord showed us a massive revival.
And this is what I think's interesting because I've never seen this before: I saw the eastern side of California all the way up turning red, which would be Republican.
And so I saw it was starting to try to turn a red wave over the state of California because of the people being frustrated with how their government's going.
And so this is something to really pray into.
I really believe that if we can pray, if we could get California, wouldn't that be amazing?
If we could even get that in the Senate, and all of the Senate seats and the House seats to flip red and turn that way for the Congress, I think that would be something wonderful.
Diana's about to join us tonight.
She said, 'I'll come on tonight with you and pray.
' So I'm excited.
She's with me.
Here she comes.
Do you have the lights?
We're going to have to get a thing for that light not to fall over.
There you go, love.
Well, come on over, honey.
Honey.
I'm making my way.
I'm making my way over.
Well, it's good to see you.
So, yeah, thank you for coming and praying with me.
So, we all talked about it.
We saw in prayer this last time, we saw a major revival, and the Lord showed us more into what is coming concerning this great revival that we believe is going to be the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
And I think it's interesting over the last how many videos, last three videos or whatever, He has shown us a lot of things about the glory, about the outpouring, about the rain cloud coming.
He said the rain is no longer coming; it's here.
You're seeing the first sprinkles of it.
And with Charlie's homegoing and all the things, people are coming back to church, they're coming back to God.
There's an awakening unto God.
And He told us that we would start to see a major shift starting on the 23rd, and that was when President Trump spoke at the UN.
And so we see all those things.
And you know what's amazing, folks?
We saw that date clear back, praying over that time frame, that this would be a major Jonathan and David relationship starting to birth in a way that we've never seen, with a Jonathan and David relationship and a three-stranded cord.
We saw this this time last year praying into that, and the Lord would show us all this stuff and we were interceding.
Well, not this time last year, because this time last year he wasn't even president.
So it was in January around that time frame, February, and the Lord told us in that time frame.
So, you know, a little bit further up.
But what I'm trying to say is that we knew something was very significant concerning the month of September, and it was fogged out and it was circled.
And He said, 'This is a very important month to pray over concerning major events in the United States of America and praying for the beginning of the revival to start.
' And who knew that a lot of what we're seeing would start with something so tragic with Charlie?
But as we see people gathering together and things, we had that, and do you all remember when I said there'll be major—do you have that, son?
—instead of sporting events, they'll be called glory events.
The Lord said they'll use sporting stadiums, massive stadiums, for glory events in the days ahead.
And it won't just be one like we saw in Arizona with all the believers in there singing and worshiping and everything because of his homegoing, but there will be major events in the days ahead on college campuses.
So, as we were praying in our last prayer call, the Lord showed us Erica, his wife, and the Lord showed us that the face of their ministry would change a lot.
And I saw gatherings on college campuses around the United States of America inside, like, glory domes with worship events.
And I saw people like Kari Jobe and Elevation Music and youthful music, with a lot of college kids.
It was worship services with worship and praise and salvation, talking kind of like what you would do with any kind of service.
But I saw her really starting to take a role doing that in this.
And so I thought that was interesting.
As I was praying the day before, the Lord was showing us glory events and worship, and I saw people taking their cell phones and holding them in the air, and they had white shirts on, which I don't understand—they all had white matching shirts, and I thought that was kind of interesting in some of these auditoriums.
And so then the Lord showed us, like I said, I saw a red wave trying to take California with people that were just fed up, but a glorious outpouring.
And He even named Brentwood, Hollywood, and Bel-Air.
Thank you, Holy Ghost.
He said there would be major—I saw tech moguls, like tech people with big bucks, people that were real smart with tech, like Google, become radically born again.
Now, I'm not naming Google, but I'm saying it was somebody like that, substantial, like somebody that is well known, gets radically born again and helps spread the gospel with their finances and resources.
But the Lord showed us major A-list Hollywood celebrities becoming radically on fire.
And He even named some of the people that we should be praying for.
And they were, some of them, what we know as the Kardashians—that we'll see the Kardashians get radically on fire for Jesus in the days ahead.
And you said, 'Just one?
' No, I saw all of them, even the mama.
A major move of God comes on these young women.
And so, well, not young, they're the same age as us, but I saw a major move of God on them.
And then I saw Justin Bieber getting a fresh wind in his sails, a fresh fire on Justin and his wife.
And then I saw—and this is what I thought was interesting—I saw Billie Eilish in the background, and I thought, 'God, it's going to be amazing.
' I thought Billie Eilish is great; she has a lot of influence.
And that would be amazing if she got radically born again.
But I could see her being influenced in the background by Bieber.
There was something there.
But you know, we see a lot of people—it's maybe cool to be Christian in some circles.
You go, 'Oh, yeah,' but I'm talking about not just being Christian and saying, 'I'm Christian,' but I'm talking about being radical, where they're not just a music artist anymore, they're a preacher.
But then whenever the Lord showed us, He said, 'I'm going to visit the country music industry.
' And I saw a lot of country music artists that are already pretty vocal about their faith become radically born again.
And there is a major move of God in country music.
But it was about sounds.
As I was praying, the Lord was showing me new sounds, new music, new worship, stuff from the throne room—sounds that are life-changing impartation music, like when you're getting it straight from the Father.
And the Lord is about to breathe upon the music industry like we've never seen before with holy worship music, glory music, creative song ideas coming out of the throne, and creative worship that is heavenly worship—that when you're there, you go, 'This is at another level.
' This is at another level of worship.
As praises go up, the blessings come down.
As praises go forth, it fills the atmosphere and it changes things.
Even like when I try to sing before I pray, it changes the atmosphere as you're worshiping the Father, as you're giving Him glory.
And I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, from what I saw, there's about to be songs that we've never heard that are coming straight out of the throne room of God.
And they're going to be top chart songs.
And I'm telling you, we've never heard or experienced worship like we're about to experience.
There are times we know that Lucifer was the head over all the music and worshiping the Father, and that was his job.
So it's something that he is very good at.
But we're about to see believers take...
You know, he had that role, but His children are going to get an endowment of glory, an endowment of worshiping the Father like we've never seen before.
So, I want you to be encouraged and have your spiritual antenna up to hear heavenly worship, to come with your heart expecting God to download one of those songs, not for profit and so you can fill your pockets up, but for giving my Father glory.
Do you see what I'm saying?
The money is a byproduct of it, folks.
Money is a byproduct of it.
God doesn't care about you having it, as long as it doesn't have you.
But not doing a song for the sake of becoming well-known or famous.
Fame will come because He's getting glory.
It's like what we always hear them say: 'Attract to deflect.
' Kathryn Kuhlman always said to attract to deflect.
And so that's what it's about.
And I'm telling you, Jesus is about to get the glory, and it's going to be beautiful.
And that's through music.
But I saw country artists.
I saw pop artists like Justin and these people having songs that are at another level.
Then I saw, again, Holy Ghost-like mansions in Brentwood and these areas, full of celebrities who just wanted their privacy, who couldn't probably go into a church like we go to because it's a distraction and they've got all these people trying to say, 'Will you sign my autograph?
'—you know, all this stuff.
They just want to come in and let their guard down without somebody taking a selfie and taking a picture, where they can cry a week before the Lord and not be exposed, and be able to be vulnerable and just say, 'God, I need You,' versus, 'I'm no longer a celebrity right now.
I'm just a person who has a need.
I'm a person who just needs a touch from Jesus, just like you.
' And I saw mansions, big homes, and there were chairs and get-together places on their couches or whatever.
And they were just having like a Bible study or a prayer gathering, or whatever you would want to call it, of worship.
And the glory of the Lord was all in those homes.
And I saw major celebrities.
And the Lord told us—remember Chris Pratt?
Is that right?
Chris—the Lord told us, He said that he is about to have a major, radical encounter again.
A fresh fire, fresh glory on this man.
And Mel Gibson, about the movie 'The Passion of the Christ 2', to not give up on that.
I'm telling you, there's going to be a major move of God in all of Hollywood, that God is going to show up and show off in these people's lives who have a huge platform.
Then He showed us to pray for YouTubers.
And then I saw one of the YouTubers that He even visits here—I forget his channel's name, babe—Scammer Payback.
He even told us about Scammer Payback.
And I saw that young man and I saw a whirlwind turning on the inside of him and becoming a major mouthpiece for the glory of God in the days ahead boldly.
And I saw a Holy Ghost turn.
You know, like when you see water that's turning, I saw water that was turning on the inside of him.
And I saw the glory of the Lord coming forth out of this young man.
But the Lord showed me that that water would come up out of us and it would spread to others like fire.
The water of the Holy Ghost would spread up out of us, and we would start to influence other influencers.
But the Lord said, 'If I be lifted up, I will draw all men unto Me.
' But it was to get the glory out.
And He said, 'Greater influence, greater glory.
' Watch what happens with even great YouTubers.
Watch what I do in these last days with great influencers.
It's all hands on deck.
But you're about to see people who do have platforms start using their platforms even more for the glory of God with huge celebrity influence.
And so that was what we prayed for this last...
Oh, and sports people!
And then He talked to us about LeBron James, and I thought that was interesting.
He said he'll retire soon.
Everybody will go, 'Well, of course he will.
' No, I'm talking about there's something more to this.
I saw—and I'm not trying to be controversial—but I saw the king be dethroned, the name, King James, all this stuff.
There's more to this.
And it was not a good thing.
King James, King, all this stuff.
And the Lord said this would be dethroned.
A humbling is coming.
And I don't know what that means, but I saw a humbling coming—a play on words, there was a play on words there.
And like I said, I don't try to be controversial; I'm just telling you what I saw.
There's something more to a dethroning of a king, of what he considers himself that way, above the King of kings, the Lord of lords, Jesus Christ.
King James Version, King, all this stuff, and that's what I was seeing in the air.
But the Lord said, 'I'm about to do...
There's about to be something so huge happen in the NBA.
' There's about to be something huge happen in the NFL and the major league.
He said, "Watch what I'm about to do in these areas.
" So, that's what we were praying over.
Was there more, son?
He was in here.
But I just wanted to tell you all I was so excited because I could hear them singing, "Set a fire down in my soul that I can't contain, that I can't control.
I want more of you, God.
" I was hearing that and they were singing it, but it was a cappella, not having music playing in the background.
They were just singing songs like that and they were worshiping, and the glory was in the room.
You know whenever you can't hear a pin drop, like whenever it gets that way and it's a holy hush?
It's so quiet you can hear it.
Yes, yes.
Thanks, baby.
Yep.
That's the way it was.
It was like this.
You just go, "What is a hush?
" A holy hush all throughout the auditorium, and you can feel it.
And when you have, you know, 50,000 people and there's a holy hush, it makes you feel weird.
It's like you go, "What?
" But, you know, the glory is there.
I'm telling you all, it's time to have your spiritual expectation meter higher—that God is going to show up and show off in your local church and in your life.
To believe as we close out this week in the next two days, three days, getting ready for a new week.
We had such a—this was such a—I don't even know how to explain it.
Do you?
It was such a glorious week.
It was tangible for us in our household as we were seeking Him, and I just stopped and I said, "You know, there's certain things you feel when you pray.
" I told you, tapping into the spirit realm will be as easy as taking a breath.
Tapping into the glory will be as easy as a fish swims in the water or a bird that flies in the air.
It's effortless.
Instead of it being like, "Well, I don't know, will we get there?
" That's how it was.
You can just tap.
It was like whenever they say Iraq's oil is just on the surface and you don't have to dig down very far, and you hit an oil gusher in some places in Iraq.
That's what I've heard.
I don't know if it's true or not, but tapping into an oil vein that is just—it's not deep, it's just right there.
And I believe, as what we have seen with the press and the olive oil, the olive and the press on the church, as we come up higher with the fire, we're about to see an impartation of worship and the glory like we've always dreamed of.
And I know I say the same thing a lot, but I say it because I asked the Lord, "Why do you want me to say it so much?
Why do you want me to keep rehearsing this?
" He said, "It's the same thing I had the older prophets do, telling that Jesus was coming.
" They recorded it in the Bible once, but they said it all the time.
The Lord said, "They recorded it in the Word, Brandon, but they went around telling people that the King was coming.
" Just because they didn't write it down in the Word—you'd be reading forever.
Somebody's life they lived 40, 50, 60 years, I don't know.
But that was their main mission: to warn the people of what Jesus was doing, what's about to happen.
So you recorded in the Word maybe once or twice, like a Jeremiah warning the people, but he was echoing it through the streets: "Judgment's coming.
This is coming.
The Lord's coming.
" Do you think Noah only warned them one time as he's building the boat for a hundred and some years?
He's out there building the boat, he's out there working.
"Hey, there's a flood coming" one time?
I'm sure he warned them every single day.
We don't know, but I'm sure he did.
He's out there beating on that boat warning them, "Hey, there's a flood coming, you crazy old man.
" Huh?
He's out there yelling as loud as he could, "Hey, there's a flood coming.
" And "This guy is nuts.
" And he gets on the boat, and the hand of the Lord shuts the ark.
And guess what, ladies and gentlemen?
It was too late.
And that's what we're about to see.
I really believe we're at a time that the ark is open right now.
And there are many of you all that are lost, many of you that do not know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
I see the emails, and I know you don't know Him.
But I'm going to tell you, the ark door is closing.
And as in the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
It will happen suddenly.
The rain is coming.
Time is running out as you know it.
He's having us yell as loud as we can to get on the boat before it's too late.
There's a major harvest of souls coming, folks.
But He required His prophetic voices to speak it, to say it, to say it, to say it again, because life and death is in the power of the tongue.
And your words bring forth reality because of the fact that we are made in His image.
And as He spoke it, as He said it, we see it: "Let there be light.
Let there be birds and all this stuff.
Let there be man.
" And it was all created by His words.
And as He is, so are we in this world, and we're joint heirs of Jesus Christ.
And He said, "You are a speaking spirit.
Say it out of your mouth.
Tell them that I'm coming.
" And, "I do nothing in this earth unless I reveal it to my prophetic voices first.
" The watchmen are the ones that are on the wall warning the people what's coming: "There's a revival coming.
There's a major shaking coming.
There's a major shaking to awaken coming.
" Are you ready for the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ?
As we yell upon the wall telling people that He's coming, He's coming, He's coming, you go, "I heard it.
Is that all you ever say?
" Yes, I say it because you need to hear.
"He that has ears to hear, let him hear what the Spirit is saying.
" It's time to get ready.
It's time to get your heart right.
The boat, the ark door is closing.
The rain is falling.
"Can these bones live?
" He said, "Can these bones live?
" He said it again this last time.
"I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
I hear the sound.
" And it sounds redundant.
You go, "Ah, I want to hear something new.
" But that's what you need to hear.
That's what He said.
"Faith cometh by hearing and hearing and hearing and hearing.
" Not having just heard once, but hearing it over and over and over again.
Faith comes by hearing, and hearing.
Jesus Christ is coming, and there'll be many false prophets rising up.
The Word always told us that they said, "Hey, this is what's coming.
" But my job is to continue to tell you.
It wasn't the 23rd, it wasn't the 24th, and we're still here, but He said, "Occupy until He comes.
It's all hands on deck.
He wants a harvest.
" And people argue and say, "Brandon, it's a great falling away.
" I didn't say there wasn't.
The Bible says there would be, but He's still going after—leaving the 99 to go after the one.
And I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, we're about to see the former and latter rain like we've never seen before, with one final push.
And I believe that started on the 23rd.
I believe we saw it this week on Sunday when He said, "As of this week and Charlie's funeral and all the things.
" And here we are, we're seeing it.
And here we are, tomorrow's Friday, and we see all the things, and He said, "Watch the fig tree.
Watch the fig tree.
" It all started over there.
It started over there, and it's going to end over there.
It's about the people of Israel.
It's about the Jewish people.
Do you see it, ladies and gentlemen?
It started there, and it will end there.
And here we see all these people say, "We want a two-state solution.
We want to divide Jerusalem.
We want to do all these things and have a Palestinian state.
" And it's all about Jerusalem, just like it was thousands of years ago.
They're still fighting and still doing all the stuff they've ever done, but it's all about the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ now.
So what will Benjamin say tomorrow?
I don't know, but I think it's interesting, don't you?
It's the week.
Nobody could five months ago, six months ago; they won't even—do you understand?
That is strategic.
Look at that.
The Lord, it's like Sister Billie always says, 'Oh, what a plan.
Oh, what a planner.
' That's 'Oh, what a plan.
' And you start getting things before they are even announced in the news, and you start praying over things six or seven months in advance, and you go, 'Only God, only God' concerning the week of the 23rd, and here we are, and it's almost over.
What did we see?
We see a lot of dividing, and we see a lot of things, rumors of wars.
Russia saying, 'We're ready to kick this thing off at another level.
' The United States saying, 'We're about to do what we're going to do to you,' and everybody's flexing right now.
You've got the big gorillas in the room.
They say, 'You're going to do this,' and 'We're going to do this.
' And I'm going, 'Oh, we don't want any of this.
We want peace.
' But at the same time, you see the war drums being beaten, just like the Lord told us.
Do you remember that vision?
I saw Turkey, and they started beating these massive drums, boom boom, and the war drums started sounding all throughout the land.
And then I saw biological weapons coming up out of Israel, out of Damascus to attack with a mustard gas spraying the Jewish people, and they sprayed them, and it was the most horrific thing I've ever seen.
But as that happened, coming out of Damascus, Damascus becomes a ruinous heap.
They glow in the dark—I'm talking bad.
And then Turkey will come to Syria's defense, and they'll become like a wounded brother.
He'll be a wounded brother.
And I saw Turkey and these other Arab nations saying, 'You shouldn't have done that.
' And it is actually a foot-troop war.
I saw soldiers marching against Israel.
But the hand of the Lord defended Israel in the days ahead.
I saw they were planning something in the middle of the night.
And you remember all this if you prayed with us for a time.
I saw that was coming out of the sides of mountains in Iran.
And they had trucks full of this stuff, semi-trucks.
And they were bringing those trucks, and they were bringing it in secretly.
And they're in 50-gallon drums, planning an attack worse than October 7th—another wave.
And the Lord said, 'You must pray.
You must pray.
' Do you remember this?
Even before the escalation with Iran and Israel in the days past, when that 12-day war, whatever it was, and then Trump said peace, but I saw another plan coming—another planned attack, another major event will come worse than October 7th, worse, the Lord warned us.
And remember, we pray over this.
Our job is always a call to prayer, not a call to fear.
People don't understand the purpose of our channel.
Our channel is to pray and to intercede, but God shows us what to pray about and what's coming.
And I just believe, as we pray for America, that as we stand with Israel in the days ahead, there's a retaliation within—a Red Dawn experience.
Remember that.
I've told you this.
I've said these words so many times that it is over the top.
A Red Dawn experience, a Pearl Harbor type of event.
Remember, and I warned you all.
I said, 'Remember Pearl Harbor?
It was when people did not expect it.
' A Red Dawn event, the enemy within, the enemy within ten major cities.
To pray over these major cities, to pray over our nation for Homeland Security, FBI, our local sheriff's department, to uncover the demonic.
And look what happened in New York a couple of days ago with the secret communication.
And I said, 'Remember when I told you all I saw secret communication?
' They were communicating in a way that was not able to be detected, and they find 100,000 SIM cards, and they find all this stuff.
That's a way that they were obviously communicating.
But is there more?
Probably.
I said it's well-funded.
They used on the news the exact words that we've been praying over: 'well-funded.
' This looks like not just this group of people, but it was through crypto and all these other things.
And then the Lord showed us all that we've been praying over this stuff for—what is it, almost over a year now?
We've been interceding, and what we were praying over is in the news.
When you have government officials on a TV thing quoting the same thing we got in prayer, you know you're on the right road.
Praying over college campuses, praying over major sporting events—I've told you about the drones.
I saw them flying into stadiums and being set off.
How many times have I said 'major public gatherings' to pray over this stuff?
And the Lord has warned us over and over and over again.
So that's just what I have to say about all that, y'all.
But I just think it's interesting as we pray and we seek His face.
He said, 'If my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways.
' And that's what I believe we're doing.
And then He's warned us about earthquakes.
He's warned us about major earthquakes.
We had another huge earthquake.
He's talking about earthquakes and shakings in Seattle and in British Columbia.
He's talking about major financial things coming, a major plague coming.
He warns us and warns us and warns us as a good father should.
If we, being evil, give good gifts to our children, how much more does our Heavenly Father love us and give good gifts to us?
If we will be that good and we want to bless our kids, how much more does He?
But He warns you.
How long He gave Noah and them?
A hundred-plus years, a hundred years of warning before something major happened.
Most people, within just six months, they go, 'Well, I don't remember that word.
I remember it's false.
You know, I don't know about that.
I didn't hear it.
' Kim Clement gave that word about Esther or whatever that was about Erica 14 years prior before it manifested.
And I'm sure people back then thought, 'Kim is off.
He is false.
He ain't hearing God.
' Listen, Kim Clement now, he's not even here.
He went home to be with the Lord.
But his word that he gave clear back in 2011 is manifesting today.
And it's one of the most accurate prophetic words that I can hear of this generation, but he's not even here.
His daughter is, and his family.
But do you understand?
It's not always in your timing.
It's not a microwave; it's a slow cooker.
But God is faithful.
And when you're calling these things out and you're saying what's coming, and they say, 'Well, I didn't see it in six months'—because I get persecuted a lot.
They say a lot, but yeah, there's a lot going on.
And so, all that to say this: you're always going to have haters.
Haters are going to be hating.
That's it.
But my job is to keep praying.
And I'm thankful for every single one of you that have come to pray with us and intercede for the nations, because I believe the power of prayer changes things.
I believe the power of prayer changes things, don't you?
For sure.
Yep.
No question.
And we're about to see something we've always dreamed of with the glorious church.
I have such an anticipation to see my Asian people, my friends, get born again and have a radical move of God in the Asian community.
As we keep preaching, folks, we had another 20 get saved, we had five.
It seems like sometimes when you only get 20 people born again in South Korea and five born in China, I go, 'Oh, Lord, are we making any?
' But the Lord said, 'Brandon, five here, five here, five here, 20, 20, 20 adds up to a lot over time, because then they're going to tell their families, and it's generational change.
' It's generational change.
And I think, but God, we need tens of millions.
Help me, Lord, to have a greater influence, a wider tent, a wider capacity to reach the Asians for you, to reach the Africans, to reach the South Americans, to reach the people for you.
You know, I get excited about this.
Braden and I, we were all dancing.
I told Diana, 'We got 20!
We got 20!
' We were dancing around, we're so excited.
20 people got born again tonight, you know, because we do the live over there in the middle of the afternoon.
Braden stays up and does everything and translates it and talks to them.
They hear, 'You speak such good South Korean.
' No, we don't, but we're trying.
We're really trying so hard.
We don't speak Russian.
We don't speak German.
We don't speak Japanese, but we try to get them for Jesus.
If we can get one—I say every time we do it, if we just get one, wouldn't that be wonderful?
If we can just get one that was so lost that they just found Jesus tonight.
If we could just get one for him, but we get 20, and I'm so excited.
And then we'll get 500 here or a thousand.
But our whole job is to tell you Jesus loves you and that he has a plan for your life.
When I tell you these visitations, they're really private for me.
They're really private for Diana.
But we become vulnerable so that people can maybe just get a little something, taste and see that the Lord is good, because he's been good to Brandon and Diana.
When I tell you these angel stories, it's not just me.
There are other people I know, but I tell you this stuff and I'm very open about it, you know, about the truck going down the road this last time, telling you about how Diana was pregnant with our daughter and God showed up and showed off for us when we didn't have no gas in our truck and the angel of the Lord pushed us to the gas station.
Those are precious moments, moments that changed Diana and I and the children forever.
Braden—Megan's still overcoming—but Braden, it changed him forever.
And it's still so precious when you get a dog raised from the dead.
And my thing, when I told you all that no matter how much you fast, no matter how much you pray, no matter how much you think yourself righteous after you do that, your righteousness is as filthy rags.
You are only holy and only able to do what you're able to do by grace.
It's something you don't earn and something you don't deserve.
It's grace, ladies and gentlemen.
That's what I was trying to tell you.
No matter how much you think you can fast to become ready—and, boy, I tell you what, I fasted, I prayed, I took communion four times today, and I'm qualified to raise the dead.
It's not about you.
It's not about how much you are righteous.
It's about him.
He became sin for you.
He became sick for you.
He became poor for you; through his poverty, through his holiness, he made a way for you.
No, it wasn't about you and how much you did.
Because that's what I try to tell you: no matter how holy you think you are, your holiness is nothing compared to what he did.
He was without sin.
He became sickness, he became sin for you.
So, that's what I was trying to get across to you, no matter how much I flipped out that night acting crazy.
Diana, I tell you, she was there freaking out, thinking, 'I just killed the dog.
' And then my little girl's going, 'Daddy, just pray.
' And I'm thinking God is not going to hear me.
I just flipped out and I'm a total fool right now.
God, I'm sure he's up there shaking his head going, 'Oh, Brandon.
' But even in my lowest moment, I was trying to tell you, even in my lowest moment, his grace was enough.
His mercy is enough.
Even in your lowest moment—you may be the worst drug addict, alcoholic, gambleraholic, whatever it may be—his grace is enough for you to wash you clean.
It's something you don't earn and it's something you don't deserve.
His grace is enough for you.
You may have the worst sexual problem, and you may be looking at the worst stuff on the internet possible, but his grace is enough for you.
If you just confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
And that's what I was trying to get across that night: even in my weirdo sin, when I was freaking out and yelling at my kids and acting like a fool, and they're all looking at me going, 'Dad just lost it,' cussing and acting up because I just killed my dog, God showed up and showed off and raised that dog from the dead.
Even in my moment of embarrassment, his grace is enough for you.
And he does.
And what's amazing is it wasn't about a dog.
Even whenever you say it's him washing your sins, washing your life, making you whole again—do you understand what that takes to get that done?
No, you don't.
It was by grace.
You received by grace through faith.
You didn't earn it.
You didn't deserve it.
But it cost Jesus his life.
And that's what I was trying to tell you all.
No matter how much I thought what qualified me—what qualified me, ladies and gentlemen, for raising the dead, casting out devils, doing whatever I got to do to think that I'm qualified today?
Boy, I tell you what, I haven't cussed in the last 48 hours.
I haven't done—in fact, Diana and I, we've been acting great together.
Do you not see that we're doing really good?
Our marriage is awesome.
I haven't been cranking her, she hadn't been cranking me, and we're qualified now to go around laying hands on all the people at the churches, and we're going to get everybody healed by the power of God through us because we've done it.
And I'm telling everybody we're qualified.
But the moment I looked at her cross and she looked at me crying like, 'Well, why are you being great with me?
' well, we just disqualified ourselves.
'God can't use us.
' Now, that's what the enemy tries to tell you.
'Well, you know, self-doubt.
You had a little bit of an anger issue there.
You're not qualified anymore.
' That's what I was trying to tell y'all, because he'll always come to try to disqualify you in your own thoughts, to make you second-guess, thinking, 'Well, God's not going to use me, Diana.
I'm sorry.
He's not going to use me tonight on YouTube.
I can't go on there because, you know, I got mad at the guy at the restaurant or whatever.
' Do you understand?
The old man's always trying to get back up.
The old man is always trying to get out of that grave, but you die daily.
And no matter how much you mess up, his grace is enough for you.
I'm not saying practice sin and think you can act like a fool all the time—I'm not saying that.
But if you do mess up, you run to God when you sin; you don't run away from him.
And there is nobody here that doesn't have some gossip thing going on where you're running and slandering Sister Clipboard, and you're going, 'Well, you know, Sister Clipboard is at church at the hall monitor station over there, and I walked in and she's like, "Well, you're late.
"' And, boy, she just ticked me off.
Sister Clipboard was watching, and I came into church today, and she saw I was late, and she's over there being her holy self saying, 'I strode up 30 minutes before church got started, and here you are running in late with your kids trying to put them in children's church, and Sister Clipboard's over there taking note of how many times you come in late on church.
See, you're not qualified to be the head prayer person at the church this week because you were late five times this last Sunday, or over the last month.
And so I've been watching, taking note, and I turned it into the pastor, just telling you that you're not ready and you're not qualified.
' It's the truth.
And you're always going to have some Sister Clipboard up there doing that.
It's hall monitor Christians.
Do you know how many...
And now I look at...
You go into a store, they're always looking.
'I've seen you somewhere, brother.
' And I'm like, 'I've got to hide myself.
' I'm just Brandon.
I just want to go and just pray.
Well, he showed up late.
Sister Clipboard's always looking.
I'm trying to help you all.
Does that make sense, what I'm trying to say?
You're never going to get there on your own.
It's all about Jesus.
It's all about His blood.
And Sister Clipboard can put her clipboard up, and you can go in there and just be you and say, 'Jesus, here am I.
Send me.
' Either you believe it or you don't.
But there's always going to be somebody trying to disqualify you, always.
You know what I get?
Because I even get people to say, 'You know, I'm done talking bad about you.
' That's what I got from a brother.
I say, 'Well, I didn't know you were talking bad about me in the first place.
I'm not going to ridicule you no more.
I'm not going to run you down.
' I say, 'Well, praise God.
Praise God, brother.
I'm glad.
I didn't know that you were talking trash about me in the first place.
' Well, praise the Lord.
But you get that and you go, 'Well, I didn't realize you were talking trash about me, but I'm so glad that you're not anymore.
' But you get what I'm saying?
'Well, I didn't feel like you're qualified enough.
' I didn't qualify myself.
Jesus did.
I'm just Brandon.
And He'll use whoever He wants to.
Does that make sense, what I'm trying to tell y'all?
There's always going to be somebody behind the scenes saying, 'You're not qualified.
You're not good enough.
' 'Well, he didn't go to Bible school.
He didn't spend five hours praying in the Spirit this morning.
And I sure didn't see him at the altar crying.
Unless he shed a couple of tears, he ain't ready.
' I just say, 'Okay.
' So, I just try to be real with y'all because I deal with it, too.
And that's called spiritual Pharisees.
And they always try to say, 'Who are you?
Who are you?
' 'Well, I don't know.
I'm Brandon.
I showed up.
I love you.
' Well, you know, 'You came to the right place if you were looking for something a little humorous, I guess, but cracking me up.
' Well, because you do, because you live in it with me, too, and you see what we see.
And I'm telling you, I am so beyond the political correctness of churchianity and church Pharisaism.
I've come to tell you that Jesus likes the people who don't have a spiritual ego and just have a...
'I may have a little dirt on me, but I'm here for you, Father.
And I may have a little bit of a scrape on my knee, but I love you, Lord, and I just want to help you out.
' Versus the one that comes in that has the hood on going, 'Oh, I'm here.
I've been fasting.
All right, let's pray.
' Not trying to be funny.
I'm trying to paint a picture because I'm telling you, you disqualify yourself.
And I don't know who I'm talking to tonight, but I felt this is for somebody.
Stop disqualifying yourself.
You never were good enough in the first place.
It was always by His grace.
And His grace is enough for you, lady.
His grace is enough for you, sir.
And He loves you.
And He will polish you up if you stay on that potter's wheel.
And you'll go, just like I talk about, from glory to glory.
He's changing us, changing us, changing us.
His likeness and image to perfect in me, the love of God shown to the world.
For He's changing, He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenly.
Do you understand?
From glory to glory.
That's why we sing that.
From glory to glory, He's changing me, changing me, changing.
Well, I've got blue hair.
I've got purple hair.
I've got pink hair.
The more, the merrier.
Let's come on.
You'll get somebody saved that I couldn't.
'Well, I got a tattoo over my...
' You might be able to reach a biker; I couldn't.
Do you understand?
Who you can reach, Brandon probably couldn't.
Who I can reach, you probably couldn't.
But that's why it's called a body.
'Well, I got piercings all over me, man.
I don't even know if they'll even allow me in church.
' You can come to our church.
You're here.
We love you.
I don't see the way you look.
I don't care.
My little girl goes, 'Daddy, I always watch you.
You always go for the people that are really kind of strange.
' I said, 'Yeah, baby.
Yeah, because they're hurting.
A lot of them are hurting.
They do that to put on a front to push you away.
' There's a lot of hurting people.
And she goes, 'Daddy, you always go to talking to them like that.
' And I say, 'Yep, because I know they're hurting.
I make it a point to go to certain Starbucks and get a drink on purpose, even if it's a liberal place, just because it's good ground to get somebody saved.
And I'll go to the one that I know if I go there, I know they're usually trans.
And I make it a point every time to try to show Jesus to them and say, God loves you.
' And they look at you and they go, 'Why are you all so happy?
Why are you all so happy?
' 'Because I've got something inside of me.
He's changed me.
' Do you understand?
People get mad about that, but where else are you going to get them?
There's a lot of them.
I don't go over there beating them in the head with the Bible at Target or any place.
I just keep showing the love of God to people, and my kids notice it.
Tip them an extra five bucks.
'Go buy you a coffee.
' 'Are you tipping people?
' Well, my goodness, yes!
Showing the love of God to folks.
I do it on purpose.
I let my light shine before all men.
And you ain't going to do it by always stiffing people and giving them a quarter and going, 'You know, I'm not tipping you.
I ain't doing this.
I ain't going to bless you because you're a little different.
' And I say, I'm going to love on them, and they're going to look at me like I'm crazy.
Now, I'm concerned sometime they're going to spit in my food, and I don't like them to know who I am.
But I'm just being real with y'all, you know, as far as being Brandon on this platform.
And some of them know now.
But I always let my light shine.
And I heard some people say, 'Tell people about Jesus, and then sometimes use words.
' Sometimes use words, and I just try to show them love.
Just ooze it.
Ooze Him everywhere I go, pick up my mail at my post office box.
They all want to know, 'Who are...
where are all these people asking for prayer?
Brandon, who are you?
' 'I'm a blood-bought, born-again Christian.
I want to tell you about my friend Jesus.
Are you sick in your body?
Yeah.
Well, let me pray for you.
' Do you understand?
I think a lot of people think they have to just be over-religious, passing out tracts and hitting people in the head with it and going, 'Well, you know, you're going to hell, brother.
' They already know they're going to hell.
They don't care.
But what makes you stand out?
You wear your Christian T-shirt.
I wear it.
I try to dress up like Adam Sandler a lot of times, have some neon-looking something on.
I look like I've come out of a movie a lot of times.
I try to do that on purpose because they look at me and they go, 'You dress so wild, man.
' I said, 'Yeah, I wear a lot of neon.
I wear a lot of colors.
' And they look at you, and I've got some pink shorts on with a neon green shirt on, and they'll go, 'This guy looks like he is something out of a movie.
' I do it on purpose.
Yes, we laugh about it.
And some weird shoes, and you go, 'What is he doing?
' I'm just being fun.
I love colors.
I tone it down a lot for you all because I'm talking to thousands.
But it's just me.
I don't know.
I just tried to be real with y'all.
Let's take communion and pray.
You want to pray with me?
You want to hear an angel's story?
You want to hear something fun?
I mean, I don't know.
I talk a lot, but then it's like, how long have you been on here for?
You know, how long have we been on here?
I told Diana, I said, 'I promise I won't talk a long time tonight.
' An hour and three minutes.
'Really?
' 'Yeah.
' Then Diana said, 'I got so much to do.
' 'No, I'm fine.
' I felt bad because she's so slammed busy.
'No, I wouldn't come.
I'm good.
' I felt for her because I told her, 'Babe, you...
' She works until the wee hours of the morning.
Every day she does, trying to answer people and emails.
You wouldn't believe the emails we get.
On average, how many do you think?
10,000?
It's incredible.
A lot.
She can't count them all anymore.
She looks at the ones that have the Holy Spirit, so, 'What do you want me to open today?
Because I can't do it all.
' I don't always respond even; I just pray.
It's too much.
So many needs.
So many people are so hungry.
And so you just go with what God's given you with the time you've been given in a day, and you just say, 'God, the rest of them, if they slip through the cracks, you're going to have to help us.
You're going to have to help us.
' But it's amazing.
It really is.
Father, I thank you for every single person who's represented here tonight.
And they all want to go tubing, Lord.
They are all so thirsty.
And Father, as it gets late here again, we thank you, Father, that we just take our time to tell you we love you.
Father, if we can just get one saved today, if we could get a hundred, I'd be excited.
If a thousand, I'd run around the house again.
But I just want to say thank you for what you've done with this ministry, for what you've done with us, Lord, warning the people what's coming.
We humble ourselves before you, Father.
And God, we're just so grateful for every person who's come here tonight, even to watch us and come and hear about Jesus.
Lord, we lift up the body before you, and we're just so grateful that you died for us, that you healed us, and it's by grace.
God, your grace is enough for every single person who's watching this tonight.
They look at their life as so messed up and they don't know how they're ever going to be perfect enough to get to where they need to go, but it's all by your grace, and you save them just as they are.
And you'll clean them up from the inside out by reading the word and by spending time in fellowship.
You'll fix the mess and make it a message.
No matter how lost they really are, no matter how much they think that they're too far gone, Jesus Christ made a way for you to live in victory.
And they came here tonight because a lot of them are just worn out with life.
And he said, 'Come unto me, all ye that are heavy laden, and I'll give you rest.
' I'll give you rest.
And a lot of them just want a breath of air tonight because they've been bobbing in that ocean of life.
And the ocean, the cork, and the heaviness of life are pulling them so far down under, they don't know how they're going to get another breath.
And they're just saying, 'Father, could I please have a good lungful of air?
I'm dying.
I need a touch of Jesus tonight.
I need to know that everything is going to be okay.
I need to know that my trials of life have an expiration date.
I need to know that my life is not too far gone that you can't fix it.
I'm broken, Dad.
I'm broken, Father, and I can't do this anymore without you.
' If that's you tonight, and you're watching this right now, and you're saying, 'Brandon, I just need help.
I just need a fresh start.
I just need a drink of water.
I just feel so dry spiritually.
I just feel that I'm dying inside.
My marriage is broken.
My kids are wayward.
I'm strung out on alcohol.
I'm strung out on pornography.
Strung out on drugs, strung out on all these things, and I just need a fresh start tonight.
' I don't believe that you came by accident.
I believe you clicked on this out of desperation and the Holy Spirit's drawing you here.
And if that's you, and you're that person that this is ministering to—'I'm just strung out.
I've been abused sexually.
I've been abused verbally.
I've been abused mentally, emotionally, physically.
I've been abused in so many areas of my life, and I just need a friend.
I just need a friend.
Would you pray for me?
' And Diana and I want to pray for you today.
If you're watching this and you just feel so broken, if that's you and that's ministering to you, and you feel that tug and that scratching on the inside, that's the Holy Spirit.
He's knocking on your door: 'Hey, you're here tonight, and I just want to turn your mess into a message.
I want to wash you with my precious love and my blood.
I want to wash you and make you new again.
I want to wash you.
I want to help you.
Will you let me in?
' If that's you and you feel, 'God's never going to want to help me,' you're wrong.
You're never too far gone for Jesus to love you out of it.
You're never too far gone that you think your life's too broken and too messed up.
'Well, I've already had a sex change.
I'm transgender.
' God will turn your life around if you just say yes.
If you just come to him, all ye that are heavy laden, all ye that have all this stuff on you.
'I'm already in the change.
I'm getting a sex change right now.
I'm too far.
God's never going to want me now.
I've done all these things to my body.
I'm a girl trying to be a boy.
I'm a boy trying to be a girl.
And I'm actually getting the change done right now, and I'm too far gone for God to save me.
' No, you're never too far gone.
He loves you, and he'll accept you just as you are.
But he'll change you as you come to him.
He'll make you whole again as you get into this word.
He loves you.
He loves you just right now, and he's saying, 'If you just come to me, I'll clean you up.
I'll fix you.
I'll make you well.
' All the torment, all the stuff you're dealing with, all the confusion that you're feeling on a day-to-day basis, he's just saying, 'I just want to love on you tonight.
' And if that's tugging at you—you've been in the sex trade, you've been a stripper, you've been in the bad internet stuff, whatever, doing stuff, and you think, 'Man, God's never going to accept me'—I'm telling you, he loves you and he has a plan for your life.
So we want to say a prayer with you right now.
We want to pray with you right where you are, and we just want to be that shoulder that you can cry on through a computer screen.
This screen right here, we want to be that shoulder that you can cry on, and we want to help pray for you.
We want to love you and tell you God has a plan for your life.
No matter how many piercings, no matter what you got going on, we want to love you just as you are, and we want to tell you everything's going to be okay from this day forward.
You're going to turn this around.
God's got this.
So we're going to pray with you.
And if that's you, Jesus died for you publicly, and I want you to be bold right now.
We don't want to know what you've been into.
That's none of our business; that's God's business.
But we want you to be bold about your faith and say, 'Tonight's my night.
I want to get saved.
Tonight's my night.
I want to give my heart to Jesus Christ.
I don't want to do this anymore without him.
I've been so broken.
I'm on the verge of wanting to end my life.
I've been on the verge of doing it.
' But tonight's my night, and I'm coming home.
You're watching this broadcast right now, and if that ministers to you and you feel that scratching on the inside, that's Jesus knocking at your door.
I want you just to say, "Tonight's my night.
I want to be saved.
" And repeat this prayer after us.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior.
Jesus, I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to wash me and cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Today, Lord, I turn my back on the world and all that I was doing.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my past.
And from this day forward, Lord, I'll seek you.
From this day forward, Lord, I'm sold out to you.
I ask you to write my name, Lord, in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Wash me.
Cleanse me from all of it.
Wash me with your precious blood.
Cleanse me.
Make me new tonight, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that today I'm saved.
Thank you, Lord, that today I'm born again and that you're giving me a fresh start today.
Oh Lord, it's so beautiful.
Behold, he makes all things new.
Now, you may stumble tomorrow.
You may stumble five minutes after this, and you may mess up and fall into sin again or whatever.
But you run to God when you sin.
You don't run from him.
And you say, "Jesus, I need help with this.
I can't do this on my own.
" Remember, and how you do this is you get in this Bible every day.
You find your Bible, you get a Bible, and you read your Bible every single day.
Start with Psalms.
Start with Proverbs, things that are easy reads because you're a baby Christian.
You just got born again.
So, you read those and you find a Bible-believing church.
I would say a non-denominational church.
That's where Diana and I would go.
Find a non-denominational church.
Go to church every Sunday, Wednesday, when they have the doors open and tell them, "I just got born again on the internet and I want to be water-baptized.
I need help.
Can y'all help me?
I just got saved.
" And you get plugged in there, you go to church, you read your Bible, you pray, you come to our channel, you pray with us, you be part of our Christian community here, and I believe the Lord will change you from the inside out.
I do because he did it for me.
He did it for Diana.
And if he can turn me and do what he's done for me, he can sure do it for you.
So yes, and if you don't have a Bible and you can't afford one, we would like to bless you with one.
So if you go down into the description, you will see our email address.
And if you just put 'I can't afford a Bible' in the subject line and then put your name and your address in the email, we will get a Bible in the mail to you to bless you, just to celebrate your new walk with the Lord, and make sure you just read it every day.
You get it inside of you.
His word is a lamp to your feet and a light to your path.
Yep.
And he'll hide his word in my heart that I might not sin against you, Lord.
I believe that's what the key is: getting in the Word.
You have to read his Bible, and I'm telling you, it'll change you from the inside out.
And don't let sister clipboard bust you in the head if you look a little different.
Okay?
Just know, hey, say, "Honey, I'm here.
Just be glad I'm here.
I once was lost and now I'm found.
I may be a little different, but I'm going to get people saved that you never could.
" Sister clipboard, I'm here to help you out.
So, don't worry about that because you're always going to have somebody.
Trust me, I've been there.
Just know that Jesus loves you just as you are.
And you don't have to worry about sister clipboard.
Don't worry about it.
There's always going to be somebody.
Just keep standing, hun.
Keep standing, sir.
And you got this.
God's got this.
And it's going to be a journey, and it's going to be wonderful.
And when you get on the other side, if I don't see you on this side of the earth, give me a high five when we meet in heaven and say, "You led me to Jesus.
" And I'll be all going, "That's so exciting.
I'll do a dance with you.
" Okay?
Isn't that going to be so fun?
We'll have eternity together.
We'll be up there.
We'll be like bumping shoulders.
Boo.
I remember you.
So, all right.
Well, let's now we'll take him in.
The Lord just really put it on my heart to do that altar call because I don't know, somebody's watching...
I don't know how many people got saved tonight but I believe there's somebody watching that needed Jesus so we can talk about some stories about Jesus and what's happened to us and some visitations that we've had, but I think we'll just go to communion first.
So ready, let's take it.
Father, we just thank you Lord for the body like we said.
We take this body in the name of Jesus and we thank you Lord for your healing power that flows on the inside of us and we take it by faith in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
You want some, Braden?
You can have it too.
Yeah.
Father, we thank you for the blood and we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
And we plead the blood of Jesus over us tonight.
And we thank you Lord Father that we wash ourselves in the precious blood.
We put angels all around this room uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
And we plead the blood of Jesus over us in Jesus' name.
And we thank you Lord Father that you've called us and chose us for such a time as this.
And we take the blood and we apply it to our life tonight in Jesus' name.
Amen.
And amen.
That's the way we take communion.
It's not religious at all.
It's just relationship.
I am so beyond religion like that.
I just want relationship.
An authentic move of God, an authentic presence on our life.
May not be, you know, what you're used to, but it works for us.
So, Father, now we anoint ourselves with oil.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I anoint myself with oil.
Before I step in, this is my oil that I got from Billy Burke.
Isn't that nice?
It smells like frankincense.
It's my favorite.
I'm so thankful for that.
It was a gift I got for Christmas.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the blood that covers me.
Oh, Father, we worship you.
And we believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost here.
So, some of y'all don't know what that is.
That's Acts chapter 2.
If you want to know more about it, read the book Why Tongues by Kenneth Hagin.
It's a short little read.
You can get it on Amazon or someplace, or you can probably find it for free on there.
Why Tongues by Kenneth E.
Hagin.
Yeah, if you Google it, I think you can.
It's free.
People have downloaded it all over the place.
But I'm going to pray in the spirit because I don't have anything in English.
So that's why I was going to tell y'all.
Hold on.
You start praying tonight for the married couples real quick.
I got to start coughing.
Okay.
If you're believing God in your marriage, we're just going to pray over that right now.
Father, we come before you right now.
And I don't know if I'm talking loud enough.
My voice doesn't carry like Brandon's.
Lord, we come before you right now and we lift up these marriages.
Father, anyone that's watching that's believing God for their marriages, we thank you.
We lift them up before you and we pray over their marriage.
We thank you that in this covenant, you know, the devil doesn't like blood covenants, covenants between marriages.
And so we come before this.
We're these units, these strong units before you, Father, that they are covered in the blood, that they do not have—there's no strife.
We pray over their marriages that there's no strife because where there's strife, we know there's every evil work as it says in your word.
And we come before you, God, and we thank you that they are covered, that they walk in unity, that there's no division in their marriages, in their homes.
In the Word, it says, "As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.
" And we pray peace over their homes.
We pray peace over their marriages.
We pray peace over their children.
And we thank you that as they walk in love, as they walk as a unit, that they go higher.
They go higher in you.
There's peace.
There's unity in Jesus' name.
Amen.
I agree: peace and joy in their home.
Yes, joy like they've never known, peace as they've never known, over their households, and no more drama.
And as they raise their children up, when they grow older, they will not depart from it in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Father.
I agree with what Dina said.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for your peace.
Now, Lord, we just lift up this beautiful nation before you tonight.
And we thank you, Father, for all of our great leaders that you've brought to this great nation.
From Pete—is it Pete?
What's his name, that guy that's over the Pentagon?
We just lift them up before you, Father, in the decisions when they had this big meeting.
And we thank you, Father, that every rat will be exposed in the name of Jesus.
We lift up this great nation before you in the name of Jesus, and we call peace that passes our understanding over our leadership.
We say, "Satan, get your hands off of our president in the name of Jesus.
" And we put angels all around the White House right now in Jesus' name.
We put angels around him, around his children, around Eric and Don Jr.
and the grandkids, and over the daughters and over Barron and over, Father.
I just thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against his children will prosper.
We thank you, Lord, that a thousand shall fall at their side and ten thousand at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over every person that's represented in that government office and his staff and over his—I don't know, there's a whole bunch of people in there, but Father, we just cover every single one of them in the blood of Jesus.
Father, that he'll not take counsel from ungodly people.
We thank you, Lord, that you're raising up righteous men and women with a backbone like a crowbar, ready to take this nation back for Jesus, having the greatest revival this world has ever seen before.
In the name of Jesus, we believe, Father, that you've called us and you chose us for such a time as this.
And we plead the blood of Jesus over our great nation, over our president, over his heart, over his health, over his arteries.
I pray over his arteries in the name of Jesus.
I pray over his thinking and over his brain and no strokes.
It's over his brain, concerning his mind on his right side, concerning on the right side of his temple on this side of his brain.
I see it.
We pray over his arteries.
We pray over any plaque buildup, over his neck, over his body, around by his ear.
We pray over his right of his heart.
Praying over his body and every area of his life, Father, that it functions like it's supposed to.
Circulation: circulation in his legs, circulation in his arms, circulation in his body, the way his heart pumps to be stronger.
His youth is renewed like the eagle's.
And we believe, Father, that he'll live long and finish strong.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, for President Trump, that his body is healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
And we pray over JD Vance, and we pray over his wife and his children.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that there is a fire in his belly.
You stir him up.
There's a fire in his belly, and he's loyal.
I pray a loyalty around this man right now in the name of Jesus.
That the enemy would try to come in and cause division in this camp, that the enemy would try to come in with arrogance and pride—"Well, this is the way I'd do, this is the way I do"—no, a peace and a unity within.
No division even in the third year.
I see the third year.
Praying for peace and unity all through the four years, going into the third year.
It's highlighted.
I see the fall leaves on the trees in this year.
It's concerning a major decision that will be made.
We pray over our nation, over every decision, that this will be like the Ronald Reagan era like you've showed me, Lord.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
You're going to see a blessing as he lined up with Israel, as he's done these things in the last two days.
You're going to see a transfer and like a greater grace on this administration than what you've ever seen before.
I'll repeat that: as you've seen the decisions he's made standing with Israel on Tuesday, you're going to see a greater grace concerning decisions that were being made, of a blessing on this administration that we've never seen before.
There's an extension of greater grace, a greater blessing on this administration than what you've ever seen before, to get the job done.
Favor to get the job done.
Out of what seems to be completely impossible, it will become possible.
Out of what seems to be completely—I mean, the odds are against it—God will turn it and give you a window.
God will turn it and give us a window.
Even more so, this is solidified because of the decisions of what we've done to bless this week.
Pray for that agreement of blessing to be strengthened and reinforced.
A reinforcing of the blessing.
A reinforcing of, like putting walls—I see, like when you see something that's strong that's like a rope that's attached to something and it's pulling—a reinforcement around that as a layer of a force field, a Holy Ghost force field of blessing on the president and his marriage, his wife, that what the devil meant for bad, God's going to turn around for good and it's going to be even more of a three-stranded cord is not easily broken.
A three-stranded cord is not easily broken.
And I see an extension of a rope, and it's intertwined like a braid in the spirit realm.
And a three-stranded cord is not easily broken, and the blessing and the increase of wisdom of Solomon, of favor in a way of thinking, is going to come in.
What tried to be confusion, as you line up and do this, it lines up with the end-time assignment more.
It lines up with the end-time assignment.
This was a major deal.
And even as of tomorrow, it will be more solidified; meetings, things will be more solidified.
And boy, the world is going to squawk.
They're going to squawk.
All Europe, they're squawking.
They'll be squawking.
But as the enemy is surrounded on all sides, the hand of the Lord will come in on this.
Watch what happens.
The hand of the Lord.
I see the wall coming down.
I see that wall coming down.
Take down that wall.
Remember I said it's like Ronald Reagan, "take down the wall.
" You hear me?
I see there's something there.
There's more to this with the war games that will try to be intensifying.
You must pray for him every day.
President Trump, you must pray for this man every day, to uncover what's inside the Trojan horses inside of our nation.
They're inside our nation, the enemy within.
The enemy within.
An uncovering of the enemy within this nation, foreign and domestic.
I hear that: foreign adversaries and domestic adversaries.
Our own homegrown morons versus these ones that have come over from overseas.
Lone wolf attacks, an uncovering even of it.
And I told you as that George figure was being influenced by the devil to bring a satanic agenda to influence these people that were already trying to transition in their life and do these things.
They had a reprobate mind.
And that's what you see.
Every single one of those attacks have been people that are going through a transition.
And that's what the Lord was showing me.
We pray over this because the principalities work through the personalities.
We pray protection over tomorrow.
We pray a hedge of protection over our city.
Yes.
I can't get into that.
I don't know how to say that.
I can't say what I just saw, but I'll say this: pray protection around tomorrow.
Pray a hedge that every plot, every plan of the wicked concerning anything that goes on tomorrow is uncovered, that they come in one way and scatter seven.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
The Lord said, 'Just pray in the spirit concerning what you just saw, and just pray in the spirit and I'll take care of the rest.
' He said, 'Do you understand what I'm saying?
' I said, 'Okay,' because I was like, 'What do you want me to do with that?
' and I don't know what to do with that.
That's why I'm silent for a minute.
And I was like, 'What do you want me to do with that?
' And so He said, 'If you pray in the spirit, you pray with all you got right now concerning tomorrow.
' So I want you to pray, and let's just do it for five, all of us together praying in the spirit, or you pray in English and just ask God for a hand of angels.
Send Your angels to protect every dignitary, to protect New York, to protect other cities, praying for protection over our great nation tomorrow.
Okay.
Even going into Saturday over Israel today, even over Jerusalem, over any surprise attacks, any lone wolf attacks.
What did I tell you after the 23rd, 24th, 25th fires?
Remember this?
I can say that.
Remember what I've warned you concerning praying over the days after.
I've said that's enough.
We pray over the New York Yankees.
We pray a hedge around and about the stadium.
We put a bloodline around the stadium right now in the name of Jesus.
No weapon over every place of transportation all throughout the city.
Go deeper.
Celebrity.
Over every avenue.
I can't forget anything right now.
Help me, Father, to remember.
Oh, Book of Psalms.
Every depot, every one of them.
Oh my goodness.
Help me to get all this out, Father, about the heart.
Oh, Jesus.
We pray a hedge around and about him.
We pray protection over Benjamin today.
We pray a hedge around and about him, over everything.
We pray around and about him, over every building.
Oh, Father.
God's hand is on it.
Even with that man, I see that man.
Okay.
We pray a hedge of protection all around Benjamin today.
We pray a hedge of protection around him today, around him tomorrow, around him on Saturday, around him around these time frames.
I pray a hedge of protection all around him in the name of Jesus.
We pray a hedge around and about him over the nation of Israel.
We pray a hedge around and about the nation of Israel, around America, around our cities, around our major cities, around our major buildings, around our places of commute and transportation, and our major buildings.
We pray a hedge around our sporting events.
We pray a hedge around and about our events, that the angels of the Lord are around and about them in Jesus' name.
Around and about our churches, around and about our infrastructure, praying about our infrastructure, our basic needs.
We thank you, Father Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for the NYPD.
For that one individual You're showing me right now, I see that person.
You've anointed them and You've called them for such a time as this.
Keep their eyes open.
Father, I pray over that individual at the NYPD, and I pray for supernatural protection, wisdom, and a heightened alert—a heightened alert, a heightened alert.
No more activists with—okay, I'll use this word—Palestinian sympathizers.
Antifa funded by deep pockets.
Deep pockets.
Praying over mass transit.
Praying over protection.
Praying over our beautiful nation, praying over our people, mass gatherings.
Pray over our people.
Thank you, Father.
We thank you for Your angels.
We thank you, Father.
We're so grateful, Father.
Oh boy.
So, I pray in the spirit over it, but I cannot talk about this stuff on there, y'all.
Every plot, every plan, every scheme, everything they have planned, I call it uncovered in Jesus' name.
I call it uncovered.
I pray protection over Benjamin.
I pray protection over our nation.
I pray protection over our president.
I pray protection over our law enforcement.
I pray over our local police department, sheriff's department, our FBI, our Homeland Security, over our Pentagon, over our areas of protection, and our line of defense over this great nation.
I pray a hedge of protection over every single one of them, that they would have heightened alert.
They would have heightened alert, and when people go in public places, they would be heightened alert.
And Oktoberfest—heightened alert at mass gatherings.
Oktoberfest.
Okay, I think I can say this out loud.
He said I can say the one word: Boston.
Boston.
Praying over the city of Boston.
Thank you, Father.
Everything that can be shaken will be shaken in a 24-hour period.
Everything will change.
Everything will change in a 24-hour period.
That's what we pray.
I see so much change in a 24-hour period.
We pray a hedge of protection over our great cities.
Change.
Everything will change in a 24-hour period is what I hear in the spirit realm.
I hear this in the spirit realm.
Everything will change.
A great revival, a great revival is standing at the door.
A great shaking to awaken.
Well, I'm telling you this: what's the domino?
What makes everything?
I'm telling you, a major event that brings forth awakening.
People go, 'Oh,' they're waking up, and then they go to church.
They go to church.
That's what happened with Charlie.
Everybody wakes up, they go to church.
Wake up.
There's a wake-up, and then there's a lot of church.
There's an awakening, and there's a lot of church.
A lot of people pulling their heads out of the sand, going, 'Oh, oh.
' It's like how you slap somebody sober.
You slap them sober.
It's like slapping somebody sober.
That's what I see, somebody just getting slapped sober.
They're just like, 'Get up.
' You know, it's like when you slap them sober.
That's what's going to happen.
A lot of people will be slapped sober.
Wake up.
Wake up, church.
The Lord said everybody—there are so many people whose attention will be on the news.
They'll wake up.
Wake up, O sleeping sluggard, wake up!
O sluggard, wake up!
Open your eyes.
The Lord said, 'Open your eyes.
' So many people are asleep, and there'll be a great revival.
Revival.
I see a great revival coming.
So many people are so asleep.
We pray protection over our beautiful land, over every individual that's listening tonight.
We thank you, Lord, that Your hand is on them.
You know, Psalms 91, ladies and gentlemen.
Let's read that together.
I feel to read Psalms 91.
Okay, you know what?
And Diana's going to read it because she reads a lot better than me.
If I read it, you're going to be like, "What did he just say?
" But we're going to read Psalms 91.
And I want you to really memorize Psalms 91 in the days ahead.
But Diana's going to read Psalms 91.
And I want you to think about what Psalms 91 is saying for you and your household, for this nation.
Put this nation, put your nation, England, and all these others, as that's what we're praying over your area where you are.
Okay.
So read it.
This is Amplified.
I have King James memorized.
Do you want me to say King James?
No, I just want you to read.
It's Amplified.
Amplified is good today.
Okay.
He who dwells in the secret place of the Most High shall remain stable and fixed under the shadow of the Almighty, whose power no foe can withstand.
I will say of the Lord, "He is my refuge and my fortress, my God.
On Him I lean and rely, and in Him I confidently trust.
" For then He will deliver you from the snare of the fowler and from the deadly pestilence.
Then He will cover you with His pinions, and under His wings shall you trust and find refuge.
His truth and His faithfulness are a shield and a buckler.
You shall not be afraid of the terror of the night, nor of the arrow, the evil plots and slanders of the wicked, that flies by day, nor of the pestilence that stalks in darkness, nor of the destruction and sudden death that surprise and lay waste at noonday.
A thousand may fall at your side, and ten thousand at your right hand, but it shall not come near you.
Only a spectator shall you be, yourself inaccessible in the secret place of the Most High, as you witness the reward of the wicked, because you have made the Lord your refuge, and the Most High your dwelling place.
There shall no evil befall you, nor any plague nor calamity come near your tent.
For He will give His angels a special charge over you to accompany and defend and preserve you in all your ways of obedience and service.
They shall bear you up on their hands, lest you dash your foot against a stone.
You shall tread upon the lion and adder; the young lion and the serpent shall you trample underfoot.
"Because he has set his love upon Me, therefore will I deliver him.
I will set him on high because he knows and understands My name, has a personal knowledge of My mercy, love, and kindness, trusts and relies on Me, knowing I will never forsake him.
No, never.
He shall call upon Me and I will answer him.
I will be with him in trouble.
I will deliver him and honor him.
With long life will I satisfy him and show him My salvation.
" Glory to God.
I love that.
I love that chapter.
That's what you need to stand on.
That's what you're going to have to live by.
You're going to have to believe that with all your heart for things I just saw.
I want you to understand, I'm very guarded by some things that I say now after this last couple of days, but I want you to know that I've never called anyone to fear.
I call people to pray, but I show you the way to get the Word down inside of you so that you have wisdom on how to stand on scripture for your protection, for you to be in the right place at the right time, doing exactly what the Lord has told you to do that day.
You know, during 9/11, there was a lot of people that didn't show up to work that day that were supposed to be there because they felt something.
There was something that they just had an uneasiness of; they just didn't go to work because of it, or a distraction or whatever.
So, if you are in an area and you're waking up and you feel a tug at your heart, now make sure it's the Spirit of the Lord, and you take communion and you pray and bind the devil off, so that you know when the Holy Spirit is leading you versus your flesh or torment—we're not to be tormented.
Fear has torment, but perfect love casteth out all fear.
But if you have that, and the Holy Spirit is telling you to do something that day, maybe any day ahead, do you understand what I'm talking about?
It's not just about tomorrow.
It's not about this week.
This is something that we have to live by because we're in the end times.
But if you have an inward check inside, you think, "Man, I just—let me be a little late.
" Follow the voice of God in your life, so that you are protected by His goodness and His mercy and Psalms 91.
Follow the leading of the Holy Spirit concerning your life, and you will have that divine protection.
Okay?
Don't second-guess it.
Follow the voice of the Lord.
But just meditate on it and say, "Lord, I thank you that you've always got me in the right place at the right time.
" As the days get darker and darker, the light gets lighter and lighter.
But you need to be in the right place at the right time.
And that's not a bad thing to say: "I'm always in the right place at the right time, doing exactly what I'm supposed to be doing, following the voice of the Lord for my life.
" No matter what happens, and then in the days ahead going through the rest of 2025 and 2026, "I'm always in the right place at the right time.
" And you pray the same for our president: protection over the Secret Service, over all of them.
We thank you, Lord, that all our law enforcement are in the right place at the right time and they see what they're supposed to see.
Even any kind of suspicious thing, they go, "That's not normal right there.
" And they don't even know why, but they were just there, listening to the voice of God.
That's divine protection.
And so we pray over our NYPD and our people, and they will hear the Lord.
Secret Service, our amazing law women and men, protectors—thank God for them.
Our FBI, our highway patrol, all of them—thank God for them.
So that's what we need to pray for them.
I heard that we need to really pray for them to have supernatural wisdom and that they would see with discernment, not just in their natural mind, and they go, "You know what?
I'm...
"—and they may not even be born again, but they're led by the Spirit of God because they are in a position of authority—to say, "Listen, watch over there.
Look for these evildoers, weapons of mass destruction.
" Okay, so that's what I'm going to say, and that's all I will say concerning regarding evildoers.
In Psalms 92, verse 7, it says that though the wicked spring up like grass and all evildoers flourish, they are doomed to be destroyed forever.
Yes.
Psalm what?
Say it again.
I actually wrote that during 9/11.
You did?
It says George W.
Bush right there.
Well, that's pretty cool.
It just goes with what I'm trying to tell you all.
I've seen a lot tonight, and you really need to take this prayer time serious.
I don't—like I said, I'm very watchful after this—but I gave what I can, so I want you to really—I like that, Psalms 92:7.
Read Psalms 92:7, that's a good one.
George W.
Bush.
I remember 9/11.
That he came out and said "the evildoers.
" That's why I wrote that.
I think we have to catch these people that came over during the Biden administration.
We have people that are no joke.
So we pray for all hidden things to be revealed.
So, do you think we prayed enough?
I just—Yeah, I thought we did.
We hit it pretty hard, I think.
Can I say something?
I felt led—Anytime, babe.
Sorry.
You talk.
Can you talk?
Less than I am, my voice is ready to rest.
Well, I didn't want to interrupt the flow, but earlier when I was praying over the marriages, I felt led to say this.
The song, "The Blessing"—I sing that song over my family and my children and my marriage.
And the words, when you sing it, let it resonate.
If you play that in your house, the words, "May His favor be upon you and a thousand generations, and your family and your children and their children and their children.
" So, I don't sing about the Lord; I sing to the Lord.
I say, 'Lord, may your favor be upon me for a thousand generations and my family and my marriage and my children and their children.
May your presence go before me and behind me and beside me, all around you and within you.
' You are in me.
You are in me.
And when I say that over my household, over our family, over our children, over our marriage, so I just thought that was a good thing to say.
I like it.
I felt led to say it.
So, it's a good song.
It's an atmosphere that permeates your home.
Kari Jobe.
Yeah, I love that.
I like her a lot.
That's all she sings.
I like it when they came to our church at Victory when we worked there and she was just getting started, and I remember her and her husband, they weren't even married yet.
He was just there.
I'll never forget that.
I was a janitor then, bringing in and taking the trash out, and they were in the green room, her band, you know, before they got huge.
Like I said, they were nobodies.
They just were at Gateway Church.
Yeah, that song is one of my favorites of hers.
It's called 'The Blessing.
' Yep, at Victory.
I have a lot of heavy...
there's a lot of things I just don't know what to say, but I'm a little bothered.
I'm trying to release all this to move on tonight so you all can go rest.
But I'm just telling you all, this is very serious.
It's another level of intercession that a lot of the babies don't understand.
But I'm going to tell you, as somebody who prays, I want you to really look at me.
I'm telling you this is very serious, what I'm seeing.
This is very serious for a lot of people.
It will be life and death.
These people mean business.
They're full of the devil.
And we wrestle not against flesh and blood; we wrestle against principalities and powers.
I understand that.
It's the principalities working through the personalities.
But these people, it's religion to them.
This isn't just some demon-possessed person like what happened with Charlie.
These people are sold out to a cause.
Their minds are trained this way from a child—a warped mindset.
A warped mindset they've been trained in.
It's embraced inside of them.
From the people that I just saw, this isn't somebody who's upset on the internet.
So I just say, be very attentive to your surroundings.
You know, when you go to an event, a major event, and you go hang out and you're wanting to go have fun, just be attentive to your surroundings.
And if you feel funny, get up and leave.
Don't second-guess the Holy Spirit inside of you trying to protect you.
Listen to what the spirit of the Lord is telling you to do, ladies and gentlemen, and all will be well with you.
The Holy Spirit is our friend.
He's our comforter.
He is our standby.
He's everything.
The Holy Spirit is an ever-present help in a time of need.
Never ignore Him.
So, glory to God.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
We take all the care out of our prayer tonight, and we thank you, Lord, for Psalm 91, and we take our rightful place seated with you in the heavenlies.
Sister Billye always says, she goes, 'Brandon, don't forget to take your seat today.
Don't forget to take your seat, Brandon,' is what she tells me.
I just love her.
She said, 'You've got to take that seat and you've got to take your authority as a believing believer.
You cannot go one day,' she tells me, 'and you better be listening.
' She said, 'If I'm telling you to take your place of authority by taking your seat,' and she says, 'Do you have that book?
' I've got my book.
'Did you tell me to read that book?
' She's always talking about that book the Lord gave her.
And I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, she has a book on the authority of the believer, and it's a little book.
And she always says, 'Read my book about the authority of the believer and read that and meditate on that and use your authority.
' So you must take your seat above all principalities, above all powers, above all might.
You must take your place of authority in these last days.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, for Psalm 91.
I thank you, Father, for Ephesians 6.
I thank you, Father, that we're seated in the heavenlies.
And we take our authority right now and we say, 'Satan, you will not touch our children.
Satan, you will not touch my wife, my finances, or me.
I apply the blood of Jesus Christ over Braden, Megan, Paisley, Diana, and myself, and my finances, and even over my property and everything I put the soles of my feet on.
I apply the blood.
I apply the blood and you will not hinder, hurt, or harm us in any way.
We bind you in Jesus' name.
We say you will not touch us, hurt us, or harm us in any way in the name of Jesus.
We bind you off of our homes.
And angels of the Lord, we release you to protect us with your swords and shields drawn in Jesus' mighty name.
' Do you believe that?
We do that.
I take my seat—that's what it means.
She says, 'Take your seat.
' And we plead the blood and we say, 'You will not touch us.
' We bind you off of our children.
We bind you off of our homes.
We bind you off of our neighbors.
You hear me and you hear me well: you will not touch this household in Jesus' name.
No shootings, no calamity comes nigh me.
No attempts on my life, nor my wife, nor my children.
We apply the blood of Jesus.
You must do this.
Apply it over Times Square, over the transit systems, over our president, over our people.
We apply the blood if you live in that area.
So, do you understand what I'm saying?
Do they understand what I'm saying?
Tell me in the comment section.
Comment down below if you understand what I am saying.
Apply the blood of Jesus over you.
Anoint your kids with oil.
Take communion.
They get it.
Well, I'm glad you understand.
We love you and we're so thankful that you came tonight.
This was probably one of the most serious prayer sessions that I've had in a while for what I just saw.
So, we just pray for you and your families and we pray protection over the next 48 hours going into this weekend and going into these time frames, praying over our great nation going into October 1st.
We're almost to October.
So, we love you.
Thank you for joining us.
If you could do us a favor, everyone who's here, there's 5,700 of you, subscribe.
Click the like button, click the notification, comment down below something nice, and we will see you again soon.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.